
Majeed: 
Engage with the group members via a simple social activity, e.g. lunch/coffee, and send me a one a paragraph summary.
In the past students sent me a summary of what they have learned from the course or what they intend to do with the 
finals and their future plans. There is no limit on what to be discussed. I wanna make sure you keep good communication 
with each other and finalize the last project with minimum frictions. I hope this helps!

Marius
Over the long term, my goal is to collect good data, conduct careful analyses, draw accurate conclusions, and make smart decisions. 
I approach each project with my unique enthusiasm, creativity, and grit. Ideally I would be working as an integral part of an 
ambitious team on solving challenging problems, preferably leveraging cutting edge technology. I do my best work in a small 
team environment that provides a lot of feedback, preferably critical and focused. I thought this semester's FE 535 was the class that 
was the most effective at exercising some of these team building and collaboration skills.

In the short term, I am looking to start a career in the quantitative trading industry. While I had a great experience interning as a 
Risk Engineering Strat with Goldman Sachs last summer, I am open to considering other environments in which 
to apply my quantitative research skills to difficult problems in finance. Being a part of the FE 535 Team projects with Alexa and Agathe
has been a great learning experience for me, both in terms of the actual material we covered (I wish I had encountered some of the project topics 
before last summer's internship) and in terms of how to be an effective contributor in the context of a team with different strengths and 
different ways of approaching a project. I really appreciated the detailed descriptions of the project deliverables - that is something I wish 
I could have in a workplace enironment as well, although I think it is unlikely since it is the unique expertise of universities to take difficult problems 
and break them up in small manageable pieces that are well defined and offer the right kind of challenge in the context of a class.


